Hey!
OK
Yeah.
How is Auntie doing recently?
Recovering well
Thanks.
I heard you passed up your chance to compete in the national math competition
No time.
It's okay, are you worried that you can't help it?
Take good care of Auntie
Can I help you?
Although I don't take care of people either
But I can hire a nurse
So he can take good care of Auntie
Because when you win the prize in the future
You can have a good future
This way you don't have to listen to me anymore
He really hurts you
Then
Please help me take good care of your mother, no problem
Thanks.
Oops, just remember that if you become prosperous in the future
Just cover me
It's okay to be kicked back by the crew
I actually fell out of the top ten on the school flower list
Shengnuan you bitch
You did it on purpose. Now are you satisfied?
Nuannuan, please ignore him.
Otherwise, what if he lies here again?
So it's money school flower?
It's real
The most we can do is to pretend to be rich
You can pretend to be you
Aren't you going to buy milk tea? Let's go
Peng, we're here to pick you up.
It's the first time I've come to school to see me in so many years
Congratulations to the host
The blackening value of the task object Yannanhuang has been reduced again
The real value is 40%.
Golden girl